You are crazy
Du Yao, what are you doing?
Although this antique is worthless
But it's too gaffe to smash the future like this
Ouch, it's all money
Lu Yao, although you are now a daughter of an aristocratic family
But you can't be so prodigal
Oh, yeah, maybe.
In two days, he won't be imposing daughter gold
At that time, I will go out and make small pets for others
To support you
You better keep your mouth clean
Hey.
Beating a dog depends on the owner
Are you disrespectful to the future patron?
younger sister
Is that so?
If you could kneel down and beg me
I might be lenient
Then I will definitely not kick you out of the Shi family
Is that okay?
Even if you become the head of the Shi family
Sooner or later, you will lose everything
bitch
Dare to face the future Shi family head Wuji, you are courting death
The future owner who expires at any time is not necessarily
Ah, what is this?